hello everybody and thanks for checking
out my review today I'm going to be
going over the loom tech m6 very unique
watch comes delivered in a plain white
box as you can see with the Loom tech
logo on the top and you open up the box
and you have a certificate of
authenticity signed by the owner and
president of the company guy named Chris
very very good guy excellent with
service and of course you have a nice
leather rep box with also the Loom tech
logo on the top of that as well and then
you have the watch of course and what he
includes in the package is more than
you're going to get from most
manufacturers of course you're going to
get your manual you're gonna get his
business card and you're gonna get the
international warranty it's limited for
one year and of course the watch the
watch does come on a set of brown straps
really nice very attractive and it also
includes an extra set of straps
these are black customized rubber and he
sends yet and other set of straps simple
black straps with the Loom tech logo on
those as well and you also have the
ability to purchase a tungsten bracelet
of FUD if you wanted to do that as well
so getting to the watch itself
this watch is from the tungsten series
it's a 44 millimeter from the side to
the crown it's a limited edition on each
type of watch that he put out with the
m6 had three types of designs you had
the black like this you have a white
faced with the black I'm sorry the
numbers are blacked out so it's the
actual face lights up with the loom -
the numbers of course and then he came
out with a carbon file version carbon
fiber version as well so each were
limited to 100 pieces per if you go to
his website I believe he still has some
in stock - which is nice like I said the
material is made of tungsten
very strong case the weight is similar
to 24 hour 24 karat gold it's a very
heavy watch nice thing about tungsten is
it never loses its polish you really
can't scratch it
what's advertised is that you're the
only thing that can really scratch
tungsten is a diamond face other than
that I did have to send this watch in
for a silly type of a service when I got
it there was a little speck of something
on the case itself so I sent it out to
Chris and he basically told me what he
did he took a screwdriver and rubbed it
off it was just a piece of glue I guess
from the final finishing there so that
just goes to show you a steel
screwdriver and didn't scratch it he
said you have to polish it up or
anything so when you when you when you
look at this watch and I'll tell you
what photos and video just does not do
it justice it looks like it was you know
poured out of Mercury that's that's what
you're holding in your hand it's it's an
incredible watch one thing from the
reviews that I read before I purchased
this watch you know the big review was
is if you're not going to find an
automatic watch and tungsten case it's
it's it's hard to find number one and
when you do it's gonna come in at more
than a thousand this is sub $1000 so you
know again if you go to his website you
could see the pricing there it's a great
watch dumb reason he calls it loom tech
is because you know he's big with the
luminescence he puts a lot of it on the
numbers and you can definitely see it
bright at night I'm going to include
pictures of that at the end of the video
for you the crystal is a sapphire
crystal on both sides on the front of
the crystal is on both sides coated with
an anti-reflective coating and on the
back you can see the movement the
movement is Japanese it's a very similar
movement to what Seiko releases with the
monster series you cannot hack or wind
the movement with the exception of
shaking it of course and that's when
you'll see the movement begin going the
good thing about what Chris does is he
gives you a lifetime warranty on the
movement so if you wanted to you know
just if you found that it was a little
bit too a little more off the accuracy
than you're comfortable with yield do
that lifetime for
I'll fix the movement for you as far as
the matching it up with as close to the
accuracy of your desire as you want
sorry it's got a real screw back yeah
real rear screw back design on the case
back it's 100 meter water resistance he
does give you a one-year limited
lifetime warranty nice thing about this
watch is it's it's it's assembled in the
USA hand assembled in the US by the
president I think he has a couple of
employees that works with them as well
so they're a smaller company I can
definitely see them getting bigger
there's a lot of quality to their stuff
and you know if you look on the forums
if you look up just type in a Google
loon - tech you'll see that a lot of
people have nothing but great things to
say about the guy they're very service
oriented which is you know better than
you can expect from a lot of different
organizations out there one other thing
that yeah Chris just paid really really
good attention to detail is if you look
on the leather straps
he made it nice and easy where there's a
little knob here or you can pull the
straps off so you can change the straps
as you desire these are gonna fit 24
millimeter strap with so if you were
looking for like a piñar I if I'm saying
it right if you're looking for similar
straps there you can order the same type
and it'll fit just fine and as far as
the fit goes this is a large watch like
I said it is 44 millimeters and it fits
extremely well like I said I like a big
heavy watch just definitely fit that
description for me when I saw it listed
out there there was something I
definitely wanted and it's not an
opposing side either I mean it looks a
little bit bigger on there on the wrist
when I'm taking photos but it's
a really nice watch so thank you very
much for checking out my review I always
put it out there if you want to see
additional reviews you know check out my
page youtube.com forward slash Doug F
and J if you want to get some
information from the Loon tech line of
watches they have a lot of different
varieties go to wwl um Tec calm and want
to thank you again for watching my video
and I hope this helps you be more
informed on the different types of
watches that are out there thanks again
you